feat: Add did-become-active event on mac (#23872)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

to re-launch the application when it's already running, or clicking on the
application's dock or taskbar icon.

### Event: 'did-become-active' _macOS_

Returns:

* `event` Event

Emitted when mac application become active. Difference from `activate` event is

> that `did-become-active` is emitted everytime the app becomes active, not only

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that `did-become-active` is emitted every time the app becomes active, not only
```
